I hate flying the lines the crowds
listen it's me
850 giver they wash their give or take
wat come to power God but Jesus God
sorry I was in an accident I was in a
coma
I didn't they didn't know who I was I'm
not a hundred percent cured yet likes
removing excuse me do I know you
what's going on here is this some kind
of a joke you know this man
you know different
everything you've heard about the issue
was my family my job and alcohol Donner
was diagnosed with leukemia is five I
spent my days and work instead of being
at home looking after because I was
afraid
otherwise you're gonna die and Gallup if
you please
I'm not a good father
hey isn't there supposed to be a good
cop hi buddy I'm your friendly
neighborhood police officer would you
like a glass of water yeah yeah actually
the two bad
you
if you have anything to say to me
anything
right back
everything's under control
got a place about you
see you sit down